Eero’s Journey
Sketch bond: Working on converting Sketch to his faith
Throndir bond: Throndir is a good person and I trust them implicitly

Eero doesn't spend too much time thinking about how people perceive him; if pressed, he describes himself as "a bald guy in monk robes", but he is well-known to have some anger issues. He has traveled a long way from the bustling city of Cumorah to Steading Shadeguard, which sits on the edge of the Black Forest. On Eero's 10th birthday, his parents were taking him to Cumorah to see some kind of event - he has long since forgotten what - but they were waylaid by bandits on the road. His parents were mortally wounded, and Eero himself barely survived, while the highwaymen made off with everything Eero's family owned. He has a vague memory that one of the thieves called the other one by name - "Ladriel", he thinks? - and that "Ladriel" got angry enough with his cohort that he immediately put an arrow in the other thief's throat, leaving him to bleed out right on top of to Eero's father.

A Cleric of Odin, Eero belongs to the Order of Yldir, who focus on representing Odin's will in battle. The head of the Order of Yldir is Joshua, the High Cleric of Odin, and head Cleric of the Temple of Odin in Cumorah. One of the things that really gets Eero's ire up is when he is confronted with worshipers of Cornforth, the god who is most directly in opposition to the teachings of Odin. Particularly their belief that one is "saved by grace" really irritates Eero.

Eero recently had a heated argument with Elder Teenan over mercy killings; Eero believes these to be consistent with the teachings of Odin, but Elder Teenan - who holds the Freygrasp High Seat of Ethical Pronoucements in the Temple of Odin located in Cumorah - was adamant that this was an unrighteous practice. Eero's behaviour in pressing his point in this argument caused Elder Teenan to send Eero on a "local parish inspection" to Steading Shadeguard. On the surface, it's a legitimate task, as there have been an increasing number of complaints from believers of Odin about the strange sermons offered by the local priest, Father Alma Garber; but no one had any illusions - Eero was selected because of the argument.

Upon his arrival in Shadeguard, Eero immediately sought out an old companion, Sketch the halfling...procurer of goods which may or may not be illicit. He had heard Sketch was in the area, and hadn't seen him in years; he remembered clearly the day Sketch arrived on the steps of the Temple, nearly dead from the poison that had been slipped to him. As Sketch stayed in the Temple healing from his ailment, Eero would visit him daily, sharing his closely held beliefs about the power of Odin's benevolence. Eero was anxious to find Sketch and share his latest thoughts on the matter, but after making a few inquires at the Starfall Inn (the only inn Shadeguard has,) he was brought up short by Sheriff Brightedge, who informed Eero that Sketch was doing a week's stretch in prison for trying to cheat in a card game against a wealthy and popular local merchant, one Bilbo Beresnedy.

Dismayed that his friend still had not appeared to turn towards Odin's light, Eero began doing research in the city records - he was looking for traces of an old teacher from his days in the monastery named Thurban Bearclaw, for Eero himself was beginning to have a small crisis of faith.

In a recent battle against a marauding band of goblins, Eero saw Beneger - one the Elders of his Order throw down his weapons and attempt to flee upon realizing their position was overrun and they were all likely to die. Beneger was stabbed in the back by a Goblin spear, and Eero turned away from the shame of it. However, upon their rescue, Eero was greatly dismayed to watch Reimund - one of the other Elders of the Order, who also witnessed Beneger's shame - perform the proper cleansing and blessing rituals to grant Beneger safe passage into Valhalla.

Angry and ashamed to see the Elders behave so, Eero has sought to council with his favorite instructor from his youth - the former holder of the Freygrasp High Seat of Ethical Pronoucements - Thurban Bearclaw. For it is a much-whispered secret that Thurban left the order over similar concerns about the application of burial rights to undeserving individuals, and Eero would like to seek further guidance from this man he respects so deeply. Since he was being more or less banished to Steading Shadeguard, and since Shadeguard is the place Thurban was last known to be heading to, it seemed perfectly serendipitous to look for traces of Thurban while he was here. So far, he has not been successful in finding much trace of Thurban's passage through the area.

Of course, as any good zealot does when facing a crisis of faith, Eero has "doubled down" on his belief system, and finds himself compelled to almost actively seek out people who are looking for a religious argument - he certainly cannot walk away from one once it has started - and only resolving his internal conflict will ease this compulsion. However, he does find that he can somewhat relax this compulsion when spending time with his good friend Throndir, the elven ranger who patrols the nearby Black Forest as part of the staff of the Arkosians, the family whose Duchy consists largely of the Black Forest, from the borders of Steading Shadeguard all the way to the River Xyhn and the city of Cumorah itself, some 300 leagues distant. Eero deeply trusts Throndir, and has confided in him the details of his personal struggles, and his subsequent search for Thurban.

Sketch
What crime were you convicted of? Petty crime - caught cheating at cards
Did one week of time, was falsely accused
He said / He said, and Sketch was new to town, while Bilbo is an established citizen
Name of the family that owns the crest (long sword with laurel leaves wrapped around it) Pairolairo family;
when I was incarcerated, one of the jailers (“Officer Pairolairo”) had the same ring
Phobia of drowning, because when he was little his dad held his head under the water for punishment
Mentor as a thief was Oli Dammara, Sketchmet Oli when he ran away from home to get away from his father; Oli has
passed on, was killed during a heist gone wrong.
Infiltrated a rich family as a servant - the Arkosians - spent weeks casing their keep, when I was well trusted I robbed them blind
Lost his gains because he had to pay off someone who saw him (they blackmailed him for 50%); TG took 25%
On the day I met Throndir in Cumorah, The Guild was robbing the bank, Throndir was a distraction - alerted Throndir loudly and publicly to draw attention/distract
Throndir bond: I implicitly trust all elves because they “live by a code”
Eero bond: Went to temple to be cured of being poisoned, trying to find out who poisoned him, suspects it was a woman

Throndir the Elven Ranger / Bitey the Wolf
All elves look like David Bowie
Not a fan of Joshua the High Cleric, he'd like to pave everything over and I love the nature
Last familial interaction - it's been years, last time I talked to my sister before I left home to see the other wilds
Didn't go well, they didn't understand why I would ever want to leave, but I have wanderlust
The Black Forest, there is a "World Tree" that towers above all the other trees in a glade in the middle of the forest
Poachers had butchered everything in a 2 mile range, killing everything, had the pelts out to dry and wasting the meat
Found evidence: a ring with a family crest - long sword with laurel leaves wrapped around it
Greatest childhood rival: Ladriel - Son of Elvish nobility (Duke) who always had to be the best, but had a silver spoon
Eero Bond: helped me find my bearings on my first visit to a major metro area (Cumorah)
Sketch Bond: he stopped me from getting robbed



Made up of twelve stars, the constellation called Uroplatus roughly resembles the shape of a flute. It can be seen most prominently just above the Northeastern horizon just after the spring equinox.

In an ancient society, this constellation was seen as the representation of the god of the wilds and nature, which is how it received the name still used today.

In astrology, this constellation bears the sign of trade, those born under it are believed to be dignified.
They're suposed to be a good match with those born under the constellations resembling a ant, bow and shark. But they don't match well with those born under the harpy and spider constellations.

